Task 1:
    1.1 Complete the script by:

        Adding tables FIRMY and ETATY.
        Check if the tables have all the required columns.
        Ignore the column imię_i_nazwisko in the table OSOBY.

    Insert the following records:

        4 provinces, one of which has no cities.
        8 cities, including 2 cities without inhabitants and 2 other cities without companies.
        11 people, 3 of whom have never worked, 2 who used to work but currently do not have an active employment position.
        9 companies, 2 of which have no employees (no positions).
        At least 16 positions, with a minimum of 3 people having more than 1 position.

Task 2:
    2.1 Add a column [data uzyskania praw miejskich] of type datetime NULL to the table MIASTA.

        Set the date for several cities.
        UPDATE MIASTA SET [data uzyskania praw miejskich] = CONVERT(datetime, '1920130', 112) WHERE nazwa_skr = Some_id
        Ensure that at least 50% of cities have this data filled in.
        Add a column [od ilu lat prawa miejskie] that calculates (virtually) how many years have passed since the city was granted municipal rights.

    2.2 Create queries to show positions:

        Position details, surname of the person, company name, city where the person lives, city where the company is located.
        Province of the person's city.
        Province of the company's city.
        Filter where the person lives in province W.

    2.3 Find cities in province W:

        Whose name ends with a selected letter.
        And where the second letter of the province name appears somewhere in the city name.

Task 3:
    3.1 Show companies from a selected province:

        Where people from a specific city have never worked.

    3.2 Show people who have never had a position in the selected (or two) positions:

        In companies from the selected (two) provinces.
        Justify the result by confirming that there are indeed companies in these provinces and that these people have never worked there.

    3.3 Find the highest salary in the database and show which company and which person has it.

    3.4 Create a new table nowa_tab with a column kol1 nvarchar(100) not null, provided that such a table does not already exist.

        Insert several rows and display the records.

    3.5 Add a column nowa_kol DATETIME not null default GETDATE() to the nowa_tab, provided that such a column does not already exist.

Task 4:
    4.1 Show the highest salary from positions of people with a name starting with a selected letter from a city with a name ending in a selected letter.

        Add the same salary to a person with a name starting with a different letter but from the same city, and check if it appears.
        If it appears, the query is incorrect.

    4.2 Calculate the highest salary in each company only from current positions.

    4.3 Find provinces where there is no company with a position salary less than X (select X).

Task 5:
    5.1 Show the MAX salary in each city, but only in those cities where the average salary (AVG) is between A_MIN and A_MAX (choose values).

    5.2 Show which city has the most positions in the database:

        Positions of people living in cities.
        Requires a query with grouping and searching based on the result.

    5.3 Add a table:

        CECHY (idc nchar(4) not null constraint PK_CECHY, opis nvarchar(100) not null).

Task 6:
    6.1 Write a procedure that:

        Searches for people from a province with code @kod_woj (parameter of the procedure) who have never worked in a company with the name @nazwa nvarchar(100) (another parameter).
        Perform tests and justify correctness.

    6.2 Write a function that, for parameters:

        Name from WOJ, name from MIASTO, street from FIRMA,

        Creates a string (W:(name from province);M:(name from city),UL:(street_name from company)).

        If the FIRMY table does not have a ULICA column, add it:
        ALTER TABLE FIRMY ADD ULICA nvarchar(50) NOT NULL DEFAULT 'Pl. Politechniki'
            Set different values for several companies.

        Write a function that, for parameters:
            id_firmy, nazwa,
            Creates a string (ID:(id_firmy);FI:20_characters_from_company_name)
            The string should be a maximum of 30 characters.

    6.3 Use both functions in a procedure that shows companies:

        In 2 columns (functions from 6.2).
        With a parameter for the province name where the companies are located.